While dividing this it occurs to me that since GAME is used in different contexts/scopes that other terms may be reused in different scopes, so for example repeats of WRLD and CITY may be in different levels of the hierarchy

2015-01-01: I now believe that the save file is a dump of C++ data structures, and the reason there is this 4-byte header--sometimes with repeats--is that most of the structures are child classes of a parent class with this structure. Repeated instances with different data of the same "header" I think are subclasses of an earlier version. i.e. maybe vanilla civ3 had one TILE and one WRLD, but as later versions added features they made new classes with the new features that inherited the old class. However not all data structures are necessarily children of that base object. (Or maybe they are.)

CIV3 - This may be the parent for the entire file, or maybe it's just
   a file header. The difference probably isn't important. If it's a
   parent of only part of the file it could be challenging to figure
   out where the demarc is.

BIC  - I think this is the relevant BICx file in its entirety
  BICQ
    GAME
      GAME - Now think 2nd GAME must be child class inheriting its parent class members
    DATE - guessing hierarchy; have not yet analyzed
      PLGI
        PLGI
      DATE
        DATE - this instance had a length that fell just short of CNSL
-- suspected data padding here length 8 bytes, or perhaps a simple data member of parent -- (Probably end of BIC )

CNSL - Based on some I/O errors referring to this, I now wonder if this
   is a parent container that includes buildings, meaning it would be
   the parent of the map and much else, too
  WRLD
    WRLD
      WRLD
    TILE - One group for each tile
      TILE
        TILE
          TILE
    CONT - Continent info. One secion for each continent. Oceans are water continents. Fresh water is part of its land continent.
-- suspected padding or simple data here -- (presume end of WRLD)

  LEAD - Leader? 32 of these, even in a game with 4 civs.
    CULT - Culture?
    ESPN - Espionage?
      ESPN 
  UNIT - Presume one per unit? Not sure, based on strings I wonder if these are unit types and not instances?
    IDLS

  CITY - repetition of this term makes me wonder if there could be e.g. a CITY/CITY hierarchy with different scopes having differen meanings
    CITY
      CITY$ ('$' can be seen in strings output)
        CITY
          CITY - City name is under this instance. City name, POPD and CTZNs are missing presumably if city doesn't exist.
            POPD - Pop data? Presuming CTZNs are children
              CTZN - repeated for each citizen? Each one has description e.g. "Happy Laborer (England)"
    unsure if the following are children of top CITY, last CITY or POPD. Maybe POPD
    BINF - Food bin?
    BITM
    DATE - Date city founded?
? CITY
? CTPG - seem to be two of these per city name
? CITY
? CITY Lots of repeated CITY's without the other sections
  CLNY - presumed colony info, only one CLNY in my sample file
  PALV - repeated 32 times
  HIST - ? not repeated
  TUTR - ? Suggests tutorial info; not repeated
  FAXXX - Not sure if this is a FAXX section or random data that looks like a string
  RPLS - not repeated, clearly a parent item. Replay?
    RPLT - repeated
    RPLE - repeated, occasionally city names associated in runs of RPLE's; sometimes RPLT's resume after city name, sometimes not ; saw one great wonder name among the RPLE's to my surprise
  RPLT
?  PEER - not repeated ; multiplayer-related?
